---
title: 08-11-17
layout: post
author: arjun.kullar
permalink: /08-11-17/
source-id: 1aD_kN8VF3AJkxhc_CvNYA3CiHCZhbFEKq65DDPmaZ_Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding a website - about alterations </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Changed the background and colour and size of the font</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Fix errors in the code as background image wasn't working. This meant that I only had a plain coloured background. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No. I had forgotten what code to make the background with an image. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I continued despite difficulty to fix the error in my coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>What did i need to alter to fix the code. Such as semicolon or colon.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I completed this piece of work myself. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>There will be some parts in coding that I won't get right first time and I will need to try again. I have to look at the detail as sometimes the error isn’t apparent straight away.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I found this work challenging but I also enjoyed it as it was something new. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>By not being so reckless when using the backspace key as sometimes I deleted too much and had to retype it. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I know now where some of my errors were occurring and will not continue to make the same mistakes. I have a better idea now of when to use the semicolon and colon in coding so this will help. 

I need to write down some of the coding instructions and ask for help as I don’t know how to change the background. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


